src/main/resources/Documentation/config.md, before:

Configuration
=============

## The **`submit_rule`** and **`submit_filter`**

To enforce the *owner-approval-before-submit* rule, this plugin provides
**`find_owners:submit_rule/1`** and **`find_owners:submit_filter/2`**
predicates for Gerrit projects.

If a Gerrit project wants to enforce this *owner-approval* policy,
it can add a `submit_rule` to its `rules.pl` file like this:

```prolog
submit_rule(S) :- find_owners:submit_rule(S).
```

If many projects need this *owner-approval* policy,
each of them can have a `submit_rule` defined, or we can simply
define a `submit_filter` in their common parent project's
`rules.pl` file like this:

```prolog
submit_filter(In, Out) :- find_owners:submit_filter(In, Out).
```

By default the `find_owners:submit_rule` calls `gerrit:default_submit`,
and the `find_owners:submit_filter` passes `In` to `Out`.
They add special labels to the output to indicate if *owner* approval
is needed or missing.

* If a change does not need owner approval, `label('Owner-Approved', may(_))`
  is added. This is an *optional* requirement that does not affect
  a change's submittability.
* If a change needs owner approval, and all changed files have at least one
  *owner* voted +1 and no negative vote,
  `label('Owner-Approved', ok(user(1)))` is added.
* If a change needs owner approval, but some changed file has no *owner*
  +1 vote or has negative *owner* vote,
  `label('Owner-Review-Vote', need(_))` is added.
  This will make a change *not-submittable*.
  The change author should add missing *owners* to the
  reviewers list and/or ask for those owner's +1 Code-Review votes.
  The **`Find Owners`** button is useful in this situation to find
  the missing *owners* or +1 votes of any changed files.

When `label('Owner-Approved', may(_))` is added to the submit rule output,
Gerrit displays a grey 'Owner-Approved' label. To avoid confusion,
this 'may(_)' state label could be removed by the `submit_filter` of
the root level `All-Projects`. Special automerge processes could
create changes that do not need either Code-Review vote or owner approval.
Such special conditions can also be handled in the `submit_filter`
of `All-Projects`.

A change can be declared as exempt from owner approval in the submit message,
with a special keyword `Exempt-From-Owner-Approval:` followed by some
explanation.

## Default minimal owner vote level

When `find_owners:submit_rule(S)` or `find_owners:submit_filter(In,Out)`
are applied, the default requirement is **+1** Code-Review
vote from at least one owner of every changed file.

## Default OWNERS file name

This plugin finds owners in default OWNERS files.
If a project has already used OWNERS files for other purpose,
the "ownersFileName" parameter can be used to change the default.

## Example 0, call `submit_filter/2`

The simplest configuration adds to `rules.pl` of the root
`All-Projects` project.

```prolog
submit_filter(In, Out) :- find_owners:submit_filter(In, Out).
```

All projects will need at least +1 vote from an owner of every changed files.

## Example 1, call `submit_rule/2`

Add the following to `rules.pl` of project P,
to change the default and require **+2** owner review votes.

```prolog
submit_rule(S) :- find_owners:submit_rule(S, 2).
```

All patches to project P will need at least +2 vote from
an owner of every changed files.


## Example 2, call `submit_filter/3`

Add the following to `rules.pl` of project P,
to change the default and require **+2** owner review votes.

```prolog
submit_filter(In, Out) :- find_owners:submit_filter(In, Out, 2).
```

All child projects of project P will need at least +2 vote from
an owner of every changed files.

## Example 3, define `minOwnerVoteLevel`

Add the following to global `gerrit.config`
or a project's `project.config` file,
to change the default and require **+2** owner review votes.

```bash
[plugin "find-owners"]
    minOwnerVoteLevel = 2
```

## Example 4, call `remove_may_label/2`

If a change does not need *owner approval*, the *optional* greyed out
`Owner-Approved` label might cause some confusion.
To remove that label, we can add the following to `rules.pl` of
the root `All-Projects` project.

```prolog
submit_filter(In, Out) :-
  find_owners:submit_filter(In, Temp),
  find_owners:remove_may_label(Temp, Out).
```

## Example 5, call `remove_need_label/2`

To make all changes with some special property,
e.g., from the auto merger, exempt from owner approval,
we can add a special filter to `rules.pl` of the root `All-Projects` project.

```prolog
submit_filter(In, Out) :-
  is_exempt_from_owner_approval(), % define-your-own-rule
  find_owners:remove_need_label(In, Out).
```

## Example 6, define `addDebugMsg`

Add the following to global `gerrit.config`,
to debug the find-owners plugin.

```bash
[plugin "find-owners"]
    addDebugMsg = true
```

## Example 7, change default OWNERS file name

Add the following to global `gerrit.config`
or a project's `project.config` file,
to change the default "OWNERS" file name,
e.g., to "OWNERS.android".

```bash
[plugin "find-owners"]
    ownersFileName = OWNERS.android
```

Commit message:

Check Owner-Review-Vote on click of Submit button.
* Change Prolog submit rule to use 'may' instead of 'need'
  state for the 'Owner-Review-Vote' label.
  Change document in config.md.
  The 'Submit' button will be visible even
  when the 'Owner-Review-Vote' label exists.
* In front-end find-owners.js, when the 'Submit' button is clicked,
  pop up the 'FindOwners' page if 'Owner-Review-Vote' label exists.
  Users will need to get owner approval and submit again after that.
  The popupFindOwnersPage function is shared by onFindOwners and onSubmit.
  The 'context' is not available in onSubmit.
  So, HTML elements are now created from 'document', instead of the context.

Change-Id: I604d616ee342304a75a02176b906b4d43acdbf14

src/main/resources/Documentation/config.md, after:

Configuration
=============

## The **`submit_rule`** and **`submit_filter`**

To enforce the *owner-approval-before-submit* rule, this plugin provides
**`find_owners:submit_rule/1`** and **`find_owners:submit_filter/2`**
predicates for Gerrit projects.

If a Gerrit project wants to enforce this *owner-approval* policy,
it can add a `submit_rule` to its `rules.pl` file like this:

```prolog
submit_rule(S) :- find_owners:submit_rule(S).
```

If many projects need this *owner-approval* policy,
each of them can have a `submit_rule` defined, or we can simply
define a `submit_filter` in their common parent project's
`rules.pl` file like this:

```prolog
submit_filter(In, Out) :- find_owners:submit_filter(In, Out).
```

By default the `find_owners:submit_rule` calls `gerrit:default_submit`,
and the `find_owners:submit_filter` passes `In` to `Out`.
They add special labels to the output to indicate if *owner* approval
is needed or missing.

* If a change does not need owner approval, `label('Owner-Approved', may(_))`
  is added. This is an *optional* requirement that does not affect
  a change's submittability.
* If a change needs owner approval, and all changed files have at least one
  *owner* voted +1 and no negative vote,
  `label('Owner-Approved', ok(user(1)))` is added.
* If a change needs owner approval, but some changed file has no *owner*
  +1 vote or has negative *owner* vote,
  `label('Owner-Review-Vote', may(_))` is added.
  This will show the label but not disable the Submit button.
  When a user clicks on the Submit button,
  a window will pop up and ask the user to
  (1) add missing *owners* to the reviewers list and/or
      ask for owner's +1 Code-Review votes, or
  (2) add `Exempt-From-Owner-Approval:` to the commit message.
  The **`Find Owners`** button is useful in this situation to find
  the missing *owners* or +1 votes of any changed files.

When `label('Owner-Approved', may(_))` is added to the submit rule output,
Gerrit displays a grey 'Owner-Approved' label. To avoid confusion,
this 'may(_)' state label could be removed by the `submit_filter` of
the root level `All-Projects`. Special automerge processes could
create changes that do not need either Code-Review vote or owner approval.
Such special conditions can also be handled in the `submit_filter`
of `All-Projects`.

A change can be declared as exempt from owner approval in the submit message,
with a special keyword `Exempt-From-Owner-Approval:` followed by some
explanation.

## Default minimal owner vote level

When `find_owners:submit_rule(S)` or `find_owners:submit_filter(In,Out)`
are applied, the default requirement is **+1** Code-Review
vote from at least one owner of every changed file.

## Default OWNERS file name

This plugin finds owners in default OWNERS files.
If a project has already used OWNERS files for other purpose,
the "ownersFileName" parameter can be used to change the default.

## Example 0, call `submit_filter/2`

The simplest configuration adds to `rules.pl` of the root
`All-Projects` project.

```prolog
submit_filter(In, Out) :- find_owners:submit_filter(In, Out).
```

All projects will need at least +1 vote from an owner of every changed files.

## Example 1, call `submit_rule/2`

Add the following to `rules.pl` of project P,
to change the default and require **+2** owner review votes.

```prolog
submit_rule(S) :- find_owners:submit_rule(S, 2).
```

All patches to project P will need at least +2 vote from
an owner of every changed files.


## Example 2, call `submit_filter/3`

Add the following to `rules.pl` of project P,
to change the default and require **+2** owner review votes.

```prolog
submit_filter(In, Out) :- find_owners:submit_filter(In, Out, 2).
```

All child projects of project P will need at least +2 vote from
an owner of every changed files.

## Example 3, define `minOwnerVoteLevel`

Add the following to global `gerrit.config`
or a project's `project.config` file,
to change the default and require **+2** owner review votes.

```bash
[plugin "find-owners"]
    minOwnerVoteLevel = 2
```

## Example 4, call `remove_may_label/2`

If a change does not need *owner approval*, the *optional* greyed out
`Owner-Approved` label might cause some confusion.
To remove that label, we can add the following to `rules.pl` of
the root `All-Projects` project.

```prolog
submit_filter(In, Out) :-
  find_owners:submit_filter(In, Temp),
  find_owners:remove_may_label(Temp, Out).
```

## Example 5, call `remove_need_label/2`

To make all changes with some special property,
e.g., from the auto merger, exempt from owner approval,
we can add a special filter to `rules.pl` of the root `All-Projects` project.

```prolog
submit_filter(In, Out) :-
  is_exempt_from_owner_approval(), % define-your-own-rule
  find_owners:remove_need_label(In, Out).
```

## Example 6, define `addDebugMsg`

Add the following to global `gerrit.config`,
to debug the find-owners plugin.

```bash
[plugin "find-owners"]
    addDebugMsg = true
```

## Example 7, change default OWNERS file name

Add the following to global `gerrit.config`
or a project's `project.config` file,
to change the default "OWNERS" file name,
e.g., to "OWNERS.android".

```bash
[plugin "find-owners"]
    ownersFileName = OWNERS.android
```
